Applications will usually get their data from
one of two places, either a local database
or an outside API.
For this project, I’ve supplied you with
a JSON file that includes data you would typically
get back from either of these sources.
It is located in your api folder and is called
books.json.
If we open it up, you can see that it holds
all of the data that’s currently being hardcoded
into our application.
Lets now go ahead and create an interface
to strongly type this data.
To do this we’ll add a new file into our
books folder named book.ts.
And this is the standard file naming convention
for interfaces, we just use the singular name
of the interface that we’re referencing.
Opening up this file, lets begin by making
sure that we export our interface so we can
use it in other files.
And then we’ll name our interface IBook.
Inside of our interface we’ll define the
types for each one of the properties listed
in our books.json file.
So we’ll need an id, name, productCode,
releaseDate, description, author, genre, specifications,
inStock, price, starRating, and imageUrl
Now if I wanted to use this interface in my
bookslist component file, then I would just
need to import it like this.
Then I can comment out this IBook interface
that we already declared below.
And if we check our implementation down below
notice we are getting a squiggly line error.
To fix this we would need to change the key
names to match what we defined in our interface
above.
Since this was just an introduction to interfaces
I’m going to leave it how it is and we’ll
re-visit and fix this when we get to the section
called Services.